hello everyone it's elena and i'm back
with another vlog and yes i know it's
been
a long time since there was a vlog but
honestly i just didn't feel like
i had anything to say because i'm just
at home because that's what university
is like at the moment
however i got a lot of requests for
these vlogs so we're gonna see if this
works out if it's interesting
at all and yeah basically today is first
day
and um it's eight o'clock now my class
starts at 8 15
and it's going to be private law so yeah
i'm just going to log into
my zoom and then it's time for class
[Music]
as always i keep my statute book right
next to me during a lecture so that i
can refer to the written law while the
teacher talks about it
and basically i just pull up my zoom on
one side and look at the powerpoint
and then i take my notes on the other
side of my computer at the same time
and that day we were talking about
consumer protection and contracts of
businesses and it was actually pretty
interesting
i finished my class but that means it's
now time to deal with something that
i've been
just putting off for like way too long
because i've had this
massive package in my room for weeks and
i really need to pack it and send it off
and what i need to put into it
is this because yes my laptop broke
during the time of online classes
because there is no better time for this
now you might be wondering but you just
typed on it correct
but the thing is the battery isn't
really doing its job anymore and so it
just needs a lot more charging than it
should need
and if i wait until the end of the
semester to send it in
then the repair is no longer covered by
insurance but if i send it in now
it will be covered and i'm a broke
student so we are sending it in
now so what i need to do is i need to
make a backup of the entire computer
which i'm gonna do with this flash drive
hopefully that's gonna work out i've
never done
these like physical backups like i just
have like a digital backup of like all
my important files
but basically what i'm aiming for is
creating basically a complete copy of
what's on this computer
so you know including like desktop
background all the settings and stuff
and then just putting that back up onto
my editing computer
so that i will basically just continue
having everything in the same place and
that
i can use my editing computer for
university and that's kind of what i'm
hoping for
since i've never done this i don't know
how much work this will be
but i have to do it so yay
let's do this 12 seconds later you know
what i love
i'm like two minutes into this project
and my editing computer already stopped
working
i hate it here
so basically my editing computer is my
editing computer only
because it is not trustworthy and it
look what it did like i don't know
why but it made the cursor massive and
like when you click something you can't
it doesn't click why
is that what have i done like i i can't
click anything and you know
move it
we're off to a great start here
because i need this computer to work for
university otherwise i'm screwed
because this is the time of online
classes
help it's been a few hours since you
last saw me it is now
1 30 and guess what i don't even have a
backup yet
i'm still updating the software on my
computers
because i'm trying to bring both of them
to like you know the same level of
updates
and you know if clicking remind me
tomorrow on the software notifications
was an olympic sport then i would have a
gold medal not just one
loads of them because i never update the
software
and that's kind of an issue so my
editing computer currently thinks that
it's going to take it about 30 minutes
to get done with the update
great and my normal computer i had
thought that i had updated it but it
turns out there was another update
on top of that so that's loading now and
that will apparently take two hours
great so once that is done i can then
hopefully
finally do my backup on this drive and
then
copy everything onto this computer and
hopefully still have all my files
so yeah i think now i'm gonna make
myself some food because i need to eat
welcome to our kitchen and this horrible
picture that i painted when i was nine
years old
and really thought it was pablo picasso
yeah
so now it's time for your favorite
cooking show cooking with elena the
cooking show where we put in the least
amount of effort to get food
so here's what we're gonna make today
noodles with some mushroom sauce
now make is a very strong word because
it's basically already made
all i have to do is put this into a pan
add some water
warm it up and you pretty much cannot
ruin this
like i have made this before and it was
edible so
it is pretty dummy safe so yeah
let's do it
[Music]
sit on my bed i got nothing to do take
out my phone once i can write to you
i'm really bored please don't ignore
start it it's fun now i randomly know
you love rainy days and you still live
at home
it's cool to see you're real with
me i know we've never met and things
like this never last but every time
you text back i can't help but reply
with hearts in my
i think i really like you but i never
say it straight to your face
so i'm back at my desk and you know i
thought i'd return and the updates would
have loaded
but guess what only one of them kept
going which is the more trustworthy one
so still loading but like you know
it keeps trying my editing computer on
the other hand was like
yeah let me give up so it just didn't
load so i have to restart
just downloading the update
i am doing well incredibly well
help so it's 20 past free now and i
tried to join my zoom class via my ipad
but it just said
waiting for the host to start this
meeting so i guess it's not happening
now it's a little bit confusing with my
international law class because it has
two different classes
so it has the normal class which meets
at 3pm and then it also has a tutorial
which means at 4pm and the tutorial is
kind of like an extra thing
so if you want to learn a little bit
more about different topics and learn
some additional things about
international law
you can join the tutorial but you can
also just do the general class on its
own
and he just said last week we're going
to meet again on zoom this week but it
was a little bit unclear
whether it was the normal class or the
tutorial
so i just assumed it would be the normal
class you know just to be safe but
i guess it wasn't and on the message
board of the class it literally says
like the next meeting is on the 7th of
january
it's the 14th of january so that's not
telling me a lot
um so i'm just gonna check back in
at 4 pm and see whether it's happening
then and hopefully by then one of my
computers will be done
because my editing computer is still
working on
installing this update i think and
my normal computer i don't even know
what it's up to but it looks a little
bit concerning
i haven't even started making the backup
yet because
they're still not fully updated and you
know it's 3 p.m now and i've been at
this
since 10 a.m like
i knew this would take time but i didn't
think it would take
five hours and counting so
yeah that wasn't so smart because i
literally do need my computers
to do any work so i think i might just
take a nap now
because i mean there's no point of me
just sitting here and staring at them so
so yeah i think i'll just you know set
myself a timer for 20 minutes because
that's when my editing computer thinks
it will be done
with installing this update and then
i'll see whether i can join my zoom
class from that because
i love my ipad but i really prefer
typing in the class
so it would be amazing if i could have a
laptop but i mean if i have to write on
my ipad it's definitely not the end of
the world
um but yeah it would just be nice if
these updates would finally be done
because it's been 5 hours
20 minutes later so i took my nap
went to my desk to look at my computers
and then i went
back to my bed because now i'm
frustrated
so i think i'll just show you
so when i woke up from my undeserved
because i haven't done anything
but like at least relaxing snap
i found this so i just clicked update
and as soon as i did that
this happened so i guess it's updating
now but it
just you know looks dead and
this one is actually working it now has
all the updates it needs but guess what
in order to use this drive to create my
backup
i have to connect it to the power
adapter
which is really funny because this
macbook it has exactly one usbc port
and that's the one for this drive and
when i use the adapter the drive doesn't
show
so i can't connect it to the power and
connect the drive
so that's interesting
but yeah i'm gonna figure out a solution
for that one but at least i can join my
class because
well it is free 52 so class starts in
eight minutes and
i'm on a good way to at least be able to
join my zoom class from my macbook which
is good news
and hopefully after my class is done
i will have a solution for this and this
is hopefully done as well
so yeah let's hope in the class we
talked about the interpretation of
international treaties so
rich rules would for example a court use
if two states disagreed on what the
treaty means
so which different things are they
allowed to refer to to determine the
meaning of a treaty
so i finished my international law class
and just in the middle of a class
the backup just began even though it's
not plugged into a charger so
i'm not gonna question my luck you know
i'm just gonna hope this is actually
gonna work out
and yeah i mean i ran out of luck on the
other computer so
let me show you what i mean so my
editing computer
has updated fully now so that's
good right i mean we we should be happy
about the fact that
there's no updates at the moment i did
my part
but you know what i also did with this
update i somehow managed to ruin imovie
this was imovie and do you know what i
edit my videos with
yeah it's imovie do i need to talk about
the fact that it's
very bad for me that i killed imovie
on my computer and i don't know how i
did that
because i just checked and on my other
computer my imovie is fine
like it is almost
5 p.m so it's been seven hours since
starting this project
i still have not transferred all my data
to this computer
which now i will just hope that like the
data transfer will like
fix the imovie because what i'm planning
to do is like delete everything off the
editing computer and just
take all the data from my pink computer
and put it on there
you know what i mean like including like
you know all the files all the apps i
have on there
and i hope that would fix my imovie
because my imovie is good on the
everyone
we'll see but this this is
not going very well for me at the moment
and
it's a little bit concerning that my
imovie died on my editing computer
like that's not good many
hours later it's a lot later as proven
by clothes blinds and my very comfy
sweater
so i actually managed to get this back
up done hallelujah
that only took forever so now
i'm trying to transfer my backup onto my
editing computer
i don't know how it's going i mean it
says it's processing
applications and documents to transfer
and it's
already at 34 932 items
to be processed like it hasn't
transferred any of them yet
i didn't know i had 34 000 items
i can't even name three of the things
that i have on there but like
i have a weird attachment to everything
on there
which makes no sense whatsoever but yeah
basically i'm just gonna let that do its
thing overnight probably
um and then we're gonna hope that i'm
gonna wake up
with a copy of everything i had on my
pink macbook
on my editing computer that's what we're
aiming for
so yeah now i'm going to go to sleep
because i'm tired and
this has annoyed me and tamara is going
to be more productive in terms of
doing actual academic work because i am
a university student and
luckily i do not fix computers for a
living because
man i did not know what i was doing
today and i really hope
that i picked the right options now that
i'm actually getting what i want out of
this
so yeah i'll see you guys tomorrow
morning bye
good morning everyone it's friday and
today we're going to be more productive
and actually do some work
because our entire computer thing
actually worked out
surprised so i basically have everything
that i had on my old computer
on my editing computer lovely so now i
just need to
basically take my pink macbook and wrap
it and send it off
i currently just have it down there with
all of my books um
but yeah i'm gonna package it and then
i'm gonna send it off
i'm only gonna use this computer from
now on because otherwise i will just be
way too tempted to just
keep using the pink one over and over
and then i'll just never send it off and
that would not be good
so now it's time to almost do my study
with me
so i do live study with me sessions
throughout the week to help students who
are also you know
studying from home and who are used to
like going to the library and stuff
because honestly that's like me and i
kind of miss that environment where you
were just kind of
pressured a little bit into being
productive so that's why i do these
so i'm doing two today one from eight to
eleven and then another one from
one to six pm and yeah basically my
setup is i just have everything that i
need on my desk so i have my computer
here
something to drink i'm currently
drinking way too much coca-cola but i
kind of vibe of it
um of course my apple pencil um my air
pods
by the way this is not like the cutest
air pods case ever like
i think it's super super cute in my
opinion because i mean i love bunnies so
it's just very fitting and then my ipad
and then of course my phone which i use
for streaming so basically the stream is
already set up and i just need to click
go live
and then i'm going live on my youtube
channel and yeah that's my setup
and now it's time to actually
do some studying and this is what my
stream then looks like and by the way
all of my live study with me sessions
are archived in my study with me
playlist in case you would like to
rewatch them to study along
and i finished my life study with me
sessions so i now have a two hour break
and then i have another five hour study
of me session
this one that i finished just now was a
three hour session and i thought i'd
just quickly show you guys what i did in
the time
so i was working on international law so
basically we have like an online course
where you just click your way through it
there are some quizzes along the way
it's actually really really fun
and i just take my notes here on the
side while i go through the course
and for my international law course i
also took out my statute book for
international law
it's actually the same one that i used
in cambridge because the course requires
the same book so that's great
and then i also got out my massive
international law book
which contains cases but also some
international documents and some
explanations
it's a really really useful book but
it's pretty massive
but it can be very very helpful and the
other thing that i did was i worked a
little bit on my revision notes for
german public law
not that much though to be honest i'm
mainly focused just on international law
and now it's time to take my break so i
just grabbed my book i'm actually
starting this one now so i have no idea
how it's gonna be
but it really intrigued me in the
bookstore so i bought it and i hope it's
gonna be good so yeah i'm just gonna sit
down on my bed
read a little bit and then i'm gonna
make myself some lunch later and then
it's time for the second study with me
session of the day
honestly this book had me hooked from
the opening line because it just makes
you wanna know what's gonna happen to
the character but i'm unfortunately not
through the book yet so i can't
recommend it but once i am through it i
will definitely write about it in my
newsletter
it's a bit later now and i've made
myself some lunch and i'm probably just
gonna eat that now on my bed honestly
and um i've done the one to do for my
break which was setting up my second
live stream
so that's what it looks like now and i
can just click go live whenever
i want to start stream so i still have
time so
i can just you know close that and
people can already see the link and you
know we'll know that it's starting in a
bit
and yeah i think i might actually keep
reading in this book because it started
off very interestingly and
honestly i'm intrigued like i want to
know what happens so
yeah that's pretty much my plan for the
rest of my break and here's me during my
five hour study with me session
basically i mainly worked on making my
revision notes so i make these on my
ipad in good notes and i just try to you
know
get all the information down so that i
can then revise from these notes
and then it was time for dinner and we
had some pizza and mcdonald's
which made me very very happy and that
was pretty much the end of the day
so yeah thank you so much for watching i
hope you enjoyed it
have a nice day bye
[Music]
you